Fix broken table migration workflow links in README (#2286)
databrickslabs/ucx: README.md

so that you'll be able to [scope the migration](docs/assessment.md) and execute the [group migration workflow](#group-migration-workflow).

The [README notebook](#readme-notebook), which can be found in the installation folder contains further instructions and explanations of the different ucx workflows & dashboards.

> Once the migration is scoped, you can start executing the [table migration workflow](#Table-Migration).

Reviewer: Let's change the "table migration workflow" to "table migration process" as it is more than just one workflow like the assessment:

```suggestion
Once the migration is scoped, you can start with the [table migration process](#Table-Migration).
```

Can you update the others as well?

Author: Done

The upgrade process can be triggered using the `migrate-tables` [UCX command](#migrate-tables-command)

Or by running the table migration workflows deployed to the workspace.

> ##### table migration workflows

Reviewer: Move this to the top or end of the `Table Migration` process to show an overview to users.

```suggestion
#### Table migration workflows
```
